Updated personal access tokens for accuracy (#2459)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx

When using a personal access token to modify resources, the event log will list the token creator's name for that operation.

Personal access tokens with a lifetime **will stop working after the expiration date**.

Use personal access tokens to:

- Provide more fine-grained permissions for automation than an admin token provides
- Give temporary access to an automation tool

> Note: While it is possible to set the expiration date to **never**, we don't recommend it. 

Reviewer: As discussed, I think we should add some basic info about why we recommend that tokens always have an expiry date here. How's this sound? 

Also, I've wrapped this in a [docusaurus admonition](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions) for more visibility. This helps call attention to it.

```suggestion
:::info On token expiry

It is possible to set a token's expiration date to **never**. However, a token that doesn't expire has the potential to cause a lot of harm if a bad actor gets hold of it, so we recommend that you use tokens with expiry dates whenever possible.

:::
```

Author: ```suggestion
:::info On token expiration

It is possible to set a token's expiration date to **never**. However, a token that doesn't expire has the potential to cause a lot of harm if a bad actor gets hold of it, so we recommend that you use tokens with expiration dates whenever possible.

:::
```
